Have you met or talked to other people who feel like you?
Never met anybody ever. I've got one friend with Asperger's for instance at the moment
who's got a partner and is doing really really well and they're going to get married
and even when he's come as a friend he says, well why don't I want a girlfriend George?
Well you're really missing out on something, we need to get you a girlfriend.
And I just literally didn't know why he's got a girlfriend, how he's got a girlfriend, you know
why would you want that? Strange.
But I've never met anybody like me. The closest I've gotten onto Wrong Planet
which is an autism discussion board where all the people with autism ask about their experiences
and I've heard one or two people say on there they've had that but I've never met anybody.
Everybody knows autism is either in a relationship or wants one.
There's many who can't get one and are depressed about it.
But I've never met anybody who's happy not to have one. No.